# Contributing to Eclipse SCAVA

Thanks for your interest in this project.

## Project description

Software engineers spend most of their time learning to understand the software
they maintain or depend on (or will depend on). The goal of this learning
process is to support decision-making. In this project, we focus on the
increasing dependence on open-source software (OSS) over the last years and the
decisions related to depending on open-source software. Eclipse SCAVA will
support the eﬃcient and eﬀective decision-making regarding dependence on OSS
projects and components thereof. This entails both decisions on the architecture
level (to decide to select and OSS project) and on the code level (to design the
use of the OSS project).  In particular, SCAVA will provide techniques and
tools for extracting knowledge from existing open source components, and use
such knowledge to properly select and reuse existing software to develop new
systems. The activity of the developer will be continuously monitored in order
to raise alerts related to the quality of the selected OSS projects and to give
suggestions that can reduce the development eﬀort and increase the quality of
the ﬁnal software products.

* https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/technology.scava

## Developer resources

Information regarding source code management, builds, coding standards, and
more.

* https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/technology.scava/developer

The project maintains the following source code repositories


## Eclipse Contributor Agreement

Before your contribution can be accepted by the project team contributors must
electronically sign the Eclipse Contributor Agreement (ECA).

* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/ECA.php

Commits that are provided by non-committers must have a Signed-off-by field in
the footer indicating that the author is aware of the terms by which the
contribution has been provided to the project. The non-committer must
additionally have an Eclipse Foundation account and must have a signed Eclipse
Contributor Agreement (ECA) on file.

For more information, please see the Eclipse Committer Handbook:
https://www.eclipse.org/projects/handbook/#resources-commit

## Contact

Contact the project developers via the project's "dev" list.

* https://accounts.eclipse.org/mailing-list/scava-dev
